Add note about Pexip for GCCH to cloud-video-interop.md (#9611)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/cloud-video-interop.md

Office 365 provides the ability to integrate third-party applications into SharePoint Online sites, Skype for Business, Teams, Office applications included in Microsoft 365 Apps for enterprise (such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook), and Outlook Web App. In addition, Office 365 supports integration with third-party service providers. These third-party applications and services might involve storing, transmitting, and processing your organization's customer data on
third-party systems that are outside of the Office 365 infrastructure and therefore are not covered by the Office 365 compliance and data protection commitments. **It is recommended that you review the privacy and compliance statements provided by the third parties when assessing the appropriate use of these services for your organization.**

> [!NOTE]

> > Pexip connectors must be hosted in the Arizona or Texas Azure regions for GCCH. The Virginia region does not support hosting of the Pexip connector for GCCH.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Pexip connectors must be hosted in the Arizona or Texas Azure regions for GCC High. The Virginia region does not support the hosting of the Pexip connector for GCC High.
```
